they'd like to show you how I cook my
steak I've got a scotch girl at stake
Martha prefers I feel it stay so what I
do is take the fat off well most of the
fat have to leave a little bit for
flavor so I still left a little bit of
fat on the edges there and mine Aquifer
- East and then now for my marinade I
take a quarter cup of olive oil and I'm
using piri piri seasoning on the back of
the label it says is ideal for prawns
shellfish or chicken or fish but I use
it on everything
so we'll take about a tablespoon or piri
piri seasoning you can have more if you
want it spicy but I take the spoon for
Tuesday just gives you just a little
bite but not sold that spicy and I'll
take a tablespoon of oyster sauce
but the oyster sauce does is it helps in
making to stay browner much quicker and
I'll add a little bit of salt and pepper
and I'll just mix this all up and I'll
take my steak
so I leave it there well I wash my hands
and turn my skull born I haven't done a
cooking video for a while so I'm
forgetting what I'm supposed to be doing
I forgot why are the most important
thing on cooking my steak I prefer my
steak medium-well and so does my husband
so what I do is I scour the top so I've
got this is just a paring knife but I
just sort of scour it lightly so just
lightly just the tip of the blade so
you've got those slices there and then I
go the opposite side and I turn my steak
over and then I'll do the same about a
distance of half an inch square and then
put it back in my marinade and then in
hobby steak
this stake will just be so beautiful and
tender so okay now heat up my pen said
I'm gonna turn my stove on oh by the way
I'm also using the largest burner on my
Stokes and I'm waiting for my pan to get
hot and I'll get my steak so I'll just
turn them around to absorb all the
marinade that we have here
all the really hard and
I've got a bit of leftover oil I'll just
pour it there
so because here the edges there it's
sort of getting white there I absolutely
got my timer on so so far I've got 32
seconds without you could see the color
is changing when the edge of C is
getting whiter so I'd leave it sad to
say about a minute and a half
so that's a minute and a half now I'll
turn it over
and I will leave that there for about
two minutes
so I'm minute on and you can see the
blood coming out and the clock here so
my time is going off and so now first
page should be ready
yeah when I took Kiki and will turn the
stove off beautiful
see then we'll play it out put it in our
plate
but just gorgeous
after I finish cooking my steak what I
normally do is put some water
and then turn my stove on and just let
it boil a little bit so I stopped
leading my taxes I'm using the same
classical my surrogate and carriers so
trim it off and I'll take the tail and
then I take my paper towel and just wipe
the pad
turn my stove on again get it hot and
throw my carrots and asparagus me so my
pans not hot and so I'll put some olive
oil I'll just swing the rest show you my
carrots and asparagus or just let them
talk for about a minute
mash is ready so now my steak is ready
to serve so try it and you'll be
pleasantly surprised you see look at
that that is just perfect
I'm just telling you one two three four
five six hey hobby get off the computer
and have your dinner